[Music]
in Chandler Arizona FBI agents Kate
macer and Reggie Wayne lead a raid on a
suspected Mexican cartel safehouse where
they discovered dozens of decaying
corpses and a booby trap that kills two
officers following the raid
Kate's boss recommends her for a
Department of Justice special joint task
force overseen by Matt graver to
apprehend the Sonora cartel lieutenant
Manuel Diaz on a private jet to El Paso
Texas
Kate meets Matt's partner the secret of
Alejandro Gillick joined by US Marshals
DEA agents and a u.s. army Delta 4th
unit the team travels in force to co
Dodd Juarez Mexico to extradite Guiana
Modi as one of Diaz's top men and his
brother at the border crossing the team
preempts in ambush by swiftly killing
many Mexican cartel gunmen at a u.s.
airbase
Alejandro tortures Guillermo learning of
a tunnel Diaz uses to smuggle drugs into
the u.s. Kate begins to question the
legality of the team's methods and
wonders for whom Matt and Alejandro
really worked for the team travels to an
Arizona Border Patrol station to
question detained illegal immigrants
Reggie and Kate demand to know Matt's
plan and he reveals that the objective
is to disrupt Diaz's drug operations to
such a degree that Diaz will be summoned
back to Mexico by his boss elusive
Sonora cartel drug lord Fausto Alarcon
and by following Diaz they will find a
lock on the team raids a bank used by
Diaz's money launderers disrupting his
cash flow at a bar
Reggie introduces Kate to Ted a friend
and local police officer kate and ted go
to her apartment but as they become
passionate kate realizes he also works
for the cartel in the ensuing struggle
ted gains the upper hand and begins
strangling kate when Alejandro suddenly
appears and subdues him Alejandro and
Matt revealed that they followed her as
bait suspecting that the cartel would
send someone after her after she was
seen by security cameras at the bank
raid Alejandro and Matt tortured ted
into revealing the names of other
officers working for Diaz they soon
learned that Diaz is being recalled to
Mexico but kate argues they have no
jurisdiction in Mexico Matt
condescendingly tells her that he was
only using her her status as a US law
officer granted them legal permission to
operate within the US regi advises that
he and Kate walk away but she insists on
joining the raid on the tunnel in order
to find out more the team kills all the
men in the tunnel and Alejandro reaches
the other end of the tunnel where he
kidnapped one of Diaz's drug mules a
corrupt Mexican police officer named
Sylvio Cator
and attempts to arrest Alejandro who
shoots into her bulletproof vest before
driving off with Silvio in his cruiser
Kate returns to the US side of the
tunnel where she confronts Matt Matt
explains that by disabling the Sonora
cartel they are attempting to return to
a time when a single cartel midian ran
in the drug trade this would ultimately
return order to the industry and thus
reduce violence and until Americans stop
using cocaine this is the best they can
hope for Alejandro who worked from adian
was brought on to assassinate a lock on
Matt explains to Kate that alarcón had
ordered the murder of Alejandro's wife
and daughter and that this is
Alejandra's opportunity for revenge in
Mexico Alejandra locates Diaz and at
gunpoint forces him to continue on to
alarcon and kill Silvio reaching a
Larkins estate Alejandro with the help
of US surveillance technology killed
Diaz and all the guards he finds the
Al'ar Cohen family at their dinner table
accuses Alarcon of murdering his and
many other families and shoots his wife
and both his sons before killing him
Alejandro appears in Kate's apartment
where he forces her at gunpoint to sign
a waiver legitimizing the operation as
he leaves she aims her pistol at him as
he makes eye contact with her but she
cannot bring herself to pull the trigger
and CEO dad Juarez Silvio's Widow
watches her son's soccer game the game
is briefly interrupted by the sound of
gunfire before continuing
[Music]